Markdown template for Coin info

# Important info

+ Currency: Mothership
+ Code: MSP
+ Genesis date: 28 July 2017
+ Coin Type: Asset
+ Protocol: ERC20
+ Consensus Algo: n/a
+ Current supply: 140,000,000 MSP
+ Total supply: 200,000,000 MSP

---

# Links

+ Whitepaper:
+ Website:
+ Github:
+ Coinmarketcap:
+ Etherscan Contract:
+ Block explorer:
+ Facebook:
+ Twitter:
+ Reddit:
+ BitcoinTalk
+ Slack:
+ Telegram:

---

# Description of coin/project/app
A state-of-the-art digital asset exchange, EU token marketplace and wallet with powerful security features. Mothership makes cryptocurrency markets accessible for EU businesses and Estonian e-Residents.

---

# About MSP
### Purpose of token
The mothership token gives exchange users access to specific features of the exchange that non-holders do not get access to.
Thereby the token forms part of the reputation management & insight rewards system of the Mothership exchange.

### Incentives for holders
+ Access to Premium and Platinum account tiers on the exchange
+ Access to the Mothership app platform layer
+ Community curation and insight rewards
+ Access to Mothership beta products
+ Mothership reputation management

---

# ICO Statistics
Total raised: $40,019,021.02	/	92023 ETH

Pre-ICO date:
Pre-ICO raised:

Main ICO date:
Main ICO raised:

ICO token price:
ROI since then: X

---

#Team

Member 1:
+ Photo:
+ Name:
+ Role
+ Linkedin:
+ Twitter:
+ Github:

Member 1:
+ Photo:
+ Name:
+ Role
+ Linkedin:
+ Twitter:
+ Github:

---

Other important information to be added in the template
+ Traded on exchanges
+ Compatible wallets
+ No. of Unique addresses?
+ No. of nodes?
+ Industry they're in


